Speaker 1  0:01  
Then

Speaker 2  0:03  
I get

Eric Skiff  0:03  
is that

Speaker 3  0:05  
there's Jack. Okay, look at this. This room.

Speaker 4  0:16  
All right.

Speaker 3  0:20  
Okay. Well, everybody. Can you hear

Speaker 5  0:22  
us,

Speaker 3  0:23  
Dave? I can. Can you hear me? Can

Eric Skiff  0:25  
you hear me?

Speaker 3  0:26  
Yeah. Right. It's a little echo. A little echo.

Eric Skiff  0:30  
It's just my computer.

Speaker 3  0:32  
I, I can probably get there. So we can, we can give it a shot. So we can, we can give it a shot. Oh. Third input and output on there

Speaker 2  0:48  
should be fine. Is it echoing bad or not?

Speaker 3  0:51  
No, I think it's good. We can just give it a shot.

Speaker 5  0:54  
I think it's a little hard to hear you guys though. We can yell. Okay. Here. Are we waiting

Speaker 4  1:04  
for Eric, or should we get started?

Speaker 3  1:06  
I think we can just get started. He'll join in a second, but we can we can just get going. So happy to kind of kick off. Amazing. So anyway, yeah, just wanted to check back in because we you know we talked a little while ago. I think we have a pretty good plan, so I don't really expect that there's too much to to really go through. But at least checking in on kind of the details, making sure that we had like a little bit of a you know what's the run of show? You want to be checking show one time before we before we do it, and just see if there's anything we want to communicate beforehand. Folks that are coming checking on all those things.

Speaker 4  1:52  
So I think we should like run quickly through a run of show, if that's cool. Just given some of our learnings from last time.

Speaker 3  2:02  
Yep. Yep. So I think the I think the so the in terms of like the called the agenda items agenda on day one day two. I think those were actually pretty good. Actually, Eric and I were catching up earlier, and the concept of we've got the 101, the 201 sort of track, intro, intro, jump into. Let's get people coding as fast. Is ideal good form. I think the issue we had last time was you know getting the computer set a little more than we thought. Since then, Eric's done this with a bunch of people, and we've refined. There's basically like there's basically a handful of ways that one line thing. I'm so

Speaker 5  2:58  
sorry, guys. The echo is so bad. So bad.

Speaker 3  3:01  
Yeah, it's crazy.

Speaker 5  3:02  
Dave is so sweet to talk over, but I can't. I can't process it. Just use your

Speaker 3  3:15  
test. Test. Oh, that sounds better.

Speaker 4  3:25  
How about now? Yeah. Yeah. Thank

Speaker 5  3:29  
you.

Speaker 3  3:31  
Yeah. Problem solved. Oh, there's Eric too. Eric. Hey, coach. Just in time for the sound to work. Cool. So anyway, the so just what so in terms of like the agenda part, you know, like as Eric and I were catching up on this before, it's like I think the first like just the the approach I think was pretty good, where we do a little intro ahead, like you guys open the day, kind of maybe we still split in these groups, do a little intro that's tailored to them, so that when people's machines are ready to go, they can just start going with a little bit of guidance, and then then we can really

Speaker 4  4:09  
ask a question on that though. Like, just be specific. So we'll do the intro of like, hi, we're slow. This is Tanuki. Blah blah blah. At that point, are we going to split the group into 101 and 201.

Speaker 3  4:24  
I think that was what we did last time, and I think that worked fairly well. I know Eric, was that what you were going to say?

Eric Skiff  4:29  
Yeah, I mean, Dave and I were just talking about this. I think if the space is conducive to it, I think that's right. Right? There's some folks who are going to need like I don't even know what a web server is, and we like we're going to take them soup to nuts through everything. There's some folks who are going to go have done some vibe coding, have built a website at least or an app, and we're going to move them through to here's how you actually do this and build real larger things with it. Now, if we can't, if there's just one room for a talk, I think we can give the more advanced talk, a little bit condensed, and then we just go shoulder to shoulder with people earlier to make sure that they're getting through the setup that they need, and sort of going back through that same slides of okay, now you're at this point, we can help you get going on this. We also, I think, coming out of last time, have more of a sense that people are going to break down in cohorts of what their interest is, right? Whether they're building a SaaS app, building an agent that powers their business, doing social media, or you know, content creation automation. So there may be more interest group cohorts that we want people to group into, or the TA style sit and work and work together sessions.

Speaker 4  5:40  
And do you like how do you envision like what the split is between 101 and 201? Because I think last time we were like, if you use quad code, you're in 201. If you haven't, you're in 101. I mean,

Eric Skiff  5:58  
that was a great great divide. I think that gives us a healthy sense of whether anyone has vibe coded at all, versus whether they just used AI and they're not really building things with it yet. So we'll see if that doesn't give us a good split, right? If either no one has or everyone's already done some little app building, then we can reconvene, but yes, I would say there tends to be. I'm ambitious, but I haven't done any of this, and oh yeah, I've already built the toy app, and I want to understand how to really do this better.

Speaker 4  6:35  
And do you envision? Because I think what I think helpful, especially since we've already done this. Is sharing some of the projects people built last time to let people start?

Eric Skiff  6:49  
Yeah, right. Let people know what they can build, and you know, frankly, that keeps changing and getting better, right? Totally. So, I think sharing some of those things would be great. We can also just, you know, run through some of the things that we're building to show that this is actually like not just toys, right? These are actual businesses that are being powered by projects like this now.

Speaker 4  7:20  
And how do you think about the portion last time when like people got stuck just downloading like the different components? So like getting started.

Eric Skiff  7:32  
So that we've sort of solved with technology. Essentially, starting the minute I was on the plane home last time, I started building a script which automates all of that, so at this point, you know, similar to installing Homebrew or something like that. Sorry, Zoom just like hijacked my browser. You run one curl command that will be in the Slowhack Thun repo that runs on your Mac, or we'll do a Windows version as well, and it just sort of blitzes all of the prerequisites, so that all of that stuff gets installed. Maybe you have to put in your admin password once, but it's like it checks that you've got Homebrew and you've got Ruby and you've got npm and Mize, and now we can just make a little app. And at that point, it says, "Great, your prereqs are done. Paste this into Cloud Code. You paste that into Cloud Code, and then Cloud Code takes the wheel and does the rest of the setup, sets up your first demo project, and gets you going. So our Bootstrap is much cleaner this time. Also, we're distilling it down instead of like all these different accounts you need. We're like you need a Cloud Desktop Max account, sorry, Cloud Max account with Cloud Desktop installed, and you need a GitHub account. If you want to host the thing you're building, get a Vercel account. But for most people, just running these on their Mac was great. So that was you know really the like hard prereqs are Clog Macs and GitHub, and

Speaker 4  9:04  
is that a change from last time where we're no longer doing it in the terminal?

Eric Skiff  9:11  
So no, you'll still be. Oh, actually, no, you're correct. Yes, we're still running Cloud Code, but Dave and I have unified on Cloud Code in the desktop. The interface is great. It has a little code editor. We don't need you to install Zed or VS Code or anything. It's just you can live in Cloud Code Desktop, and then also the remote control of it is freaking great. So you can walk away and just still be driving your Cloud Code from your phone. This

Speaker 5  9:35  
is amazing. I was going

Speaker 2  9:37  
to ask you. You guys doing that with a lot of your own work now? Are you still operating in the terminal?

Eric Skiff  9:42  
No, Dave and I are both in Cloud Code Desktop. At least half of our dave's are there. It is a very, very good interface for this type of work of being able to see the diffs that it's spitting out. When we do cross-agent collaboration, we'll usually have one of the agents talk to the other, so some of our devs use Py and Codecs to do that as well. So there's there's nuance, but yeah, a lot of our work is happening in Cloud Desktop now. The

Speaker 2  10:11  
other thing I was going to ask is like, what there's like it's obviously moving really fast. Like I don't know if you guys use Grokbot. I've been using it the last couple weeks. It's like obviously you don't really want to be building net new projects with it, but as a like collaborative tool, it's good. Do you do you plan on going over mentioning any of the basically stuff that's come out with these platforms that y'all find useful since the last one, or do you want to keep it for simplicity just quad code structure projects?

Eric Skiff  10:40  
Claude continues to be out in front, right? I would never build with anything less than the best Claude code agent, and right now that's Fable Five One, and you know last week it was Fable Five, the week before it was Opus Five. That said, GPT five six Sol is pretty damn good. It's just not as good for the type of coding we do. Brock is like two generations behind. I know they're starting to catch up on some things, but you know, there's lots of reasons for us not to touch that Livewire, and we just don't think it's anywhere near as good either. So,

Speaker 2  11:17  
great. I was just jerks.

Speaker 3  11:18  
Yeah, I also think these some of these harness things, right? Like it's like a whole topic of itself, you know. Into some, so could be another fun hackathon.

Speaker 4  11:29  
That could be a Q and A at the end.

Speaker 2  11:30  
Yeah, I mean it's I it's it's great as a like consumer app to talk to your stuff. I wouldn't touch it to build anything, but like the interface is tight. I've enjoyed telling little bots to do stuff, but I would not.

Eric Skiff  11:42  
And like, you know, we're playing with lots of stuff. So this is News Turney's agent, and like running on Deep Seek, I can spin up dozens of agents with it to do different things if I want. We we know we need to solve for the people who are going to say, but I want a marketing agent and a this agent and to that agent to run my whole business, we don't have a great answer yet. We're still figuring out how we like to do this. Dave has built all Spark, our internal version of this, but it's fairly heavy infrastructure just for a marketing agent, right? So you know, what are people going to use to spin up agent teams is sort of an open discussion we'll probably have there. You know, we do have some, and Dave, I'm sorry, I'm sort of monopolizing. I just got on a rant. We do have a bunch of topic areas that we're considering. For you know, these are things we heard at the last session that I've heard. I've taught a couple of these for small groups that keep coming up, so I'm going to drop those in the chat. But our thought is that these will be like areas of interest that people might want to join. A you know maybe your group is at this table, and you're all working on similar things. And if we have six people hacking on how do I automate my social media posting and retargeting and my ad spend and things like that, like maybe that's one cohort where they all figure out what the neatest ways to solve that are. And then you know we had the boat folks who did image gen and video gen, and I was able to just dive deep with them on that and content analysis. I bet we'll have video editing folks and folks who want to deal with email. So these are our groups that we're thinking of. We're also if you feel like there's other topic areas or places we want to focus, that lets Dave and I do some homework and like you know Shopify shop management. I'd love to know more about that. Or like, what's the best agent MCP API recording in progress, managing and running that. Yeah, I think that's great.

Speaker 5  13:56  
I feel like this list is amazing. I'm so excited for the 2.0, you guys.

Eric Skiff  14:02  
I think it's going to be fun. I'm also-we keep being surprised by what the people around us are doing. I would say every design agency is starting to code now. Every entrepreneur is coming saying, "My friend's brother can just build this, and you know, there's this industry is going to get weirder as the capabilities of the avid person start to go to well, shit. Fable Five One kind of can just one shot a little app, so that changes the dynamic of what building a complex app, hosting it, and running it in a way that doesn't fall over. It looks like.

Speaker 4  14:44  
Well, I'm excited. So one other thing we wanted to talk to you guys about because we were thinking about like silly prizes for like the the voted on whatever, and we thought so. We kind of came up with first place, second place, third place, and we want your opinion on it. So, first place, we'd love to gift, obviously comped by slow, like an hour session with you guys.

Eric Skiff  15:10  
Great, love

Speaker 4  15:12  
it. Second, second place would be 30 minutes with you guys, and then third place. Yes,

Eric Skiff  15:19  
and let's make those two hours one hour, like half an hour. We don't. Yeah, we'll figure.

Speaker 4  15:23  
Yeah, we were just trying to like somehow like stagger it of like

Speaker 6  15:26  
yeah,

Speaker 4  15:27  
and then their places a book by Rick Rubin.

Speaker 3  15:30  
Nice, nice. I'm

Speaker 4  15:31  
not as excited.

Speaker 1  15:34  
Throw

Eric Skiff  15:35  
Charlie's book. No, they'll knock things over. Found her unfriendly.

Speaker 7  15:40  
You can give

Speaker 8  15:41  
them a seat. I'll give them your vote

Speaker 4  15:42  
carefully. Yeah, yeah. But obviously, you know, we we can you know slow will bear the cost of the the hour sessions, and but I thought it would be a fun fun prize.

Eric Skiff  15:55  
Awesome. Yeah. Thank you. And that you know that that nets with what our actual interest is here, right? Sitting with these folks, with people who are truly passionate about what they're building, who have niches and audiences that are interested in what they're selling-super fun, right? So to spend extra time with these people sounds great.

Speaker 4  16:17  
Love it, love it. One

Speaker 5  16:20  
question for Jack and Caroline: Do you know if the remind me if the space has meeting rooms?

Speaker 2  16:28  
Yes. Yeah. The space for day one has two meeting rooms, and then the space for day two has one meeting room.

Speaker 5  16:36  
And how many people fits in one meeting

Speaker 2  16:39  
room? Like 12, probably. That's great. Yeah. Yeah.

Speaker 5  16:44  
Okay. Cool. Go ahead.

Eric Skiff  16:48  
Sorry. Yeah. I guess having a good sense of you know, if we do the 101, 201, do we have two rooms that can hold half the audience, or is that going to be like opposite corners of the room? Should we think about sort of hallways?

Speaker 2  17:02  
The day one, one of the rooms much bigger than the other one, or one of them could one of them could definitely fit half the audience. Do you think we could pull

Speaker 5  17:12  
up the photos just so Dave and Eric can see it, visualize it?

Speaker 2  17:18  
My laptop's in the other room. I like it would take a second. I can I can describe it pretty well verbally. Big right, big rectangle room, like stadium seating, whatever. Two rooms in the back. One has like a boardroom table, the back right. Couple whiteboards probably fits 12 people. Other room can easily fit two boardroom-sized tables. Call it 20-something people. The room we're going to be in day two only has the one smaller side, or it fits about 12 people. So for day one, we could definitely split it into two groups. That would work. For day two, you probably don't want to fully split the group down the middle, but I mean, if I recall from last time, day one was a lot more hands-on, and then day two was a lot more people kind of independently building and then like helping as we went along. So I think it should be fine.

Eric Skiff  18:11  
Yeah, I think day two is let's help you finish, do that last bunch of hours shoulder to shoulder, and then yeah, if we do presentations and ceremony and anything like that, everyone's sort of together for that. And like you know, we recognize that during those presentations, most folks are still hacking on their own thing. And I would say, if if anything, we want to limit people to like do a really quick show and tell, and you know, talk about what you built and what was an interesting challenge. Let people Q and A of like, oh, how'd you solve that? And it's yeah you're not pitching a startup.

Speaker 3  18:44  
Yep.

Speaker 2  18:47  
So yeah, this is this is the day one room. Let's see the side pull up if you keep going. Oh yeah,

Speaker 4  18:54  
there's that side room that the red chairs behind it.

Eric Skiff  18:58  
Yep, looks like Theo Keelab's office.

Speaker 2  19:02  
So yeah, there should be plenty. It should be plenty big spacewaps.

Eric Skiff  19:07  
Great, and we're shooting for 50 to 100 people. Is that right? No, we're going to be

Speaker 4  19:12  
probably closer to 35

Speaker 9  19:15  
to 40 would be my guess.

Eric Skiff  19:17  
Great, depending

Speaker 4  19:18  
on attrition.

Eric Skiff  19:20  
Awesome.

Speaker 2  19:24  
So that's the smaller room right there, and then yeah.

Eric Skiff  19:33  
All right, I think this is great. There'll be plenty of room for us to split in a sensible way on day one, plenty room for folks to break out into groups and have their little cohorts. What are we doing for hours of day one and day two?

Speaker 2  19:52  
Hours for

Speaker 4  19:53  
like starting at two. Beefy, what did we what did we have planned?

Speaker 5  19:57  
I think last year we did. Let me just pull it up so I'm not paraphrasing. Last year we did nine a.m. till end.

Eric Skiff  20:11  
Yeah, we went like nine to nine on day one.

Speaker 5  20:13  
Yeah,

Eric Skiff  20:14  
and what it was like nine to one or something on day two.

Speaker 5  20:17  
Yep. Yeah,

Eric Skiff  20:19  
I felt like that worked really well. There were some folks who wanted to keep going on day two, but like, great, take a card, right? We'll we'll chat with you. The the folks passionately grinding into day one was awesome, and then if they couldn't make day two, they didn't miss a ton.

Speaker 2  20:38  
The we have it from nine a.m. to 7 p.m. on day one, and then 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. on day two. There's the there's like an evening event on day one starting at eight, so we still have.

Eric Skiff  20:52  
I think that's great, right? Like we didn't need that last two hours. Folks were just like didn't want to stop. I might advocate for closer to a one official close on day two.

Speaker 2  21:04  
Yeah, that's we we definitely don't have to stay all the way till three. We just have to be out by three on day two.

Eric Skiff  21:09  
Great.

Speaker 2  21:10  
We're gonna think how much

Eric Skiff  21:11  
time.

Speaker 4  21:13  
Yeah. Okay, so 1p.m. close a second.

Speaker 10  21:15  
Yeah.

Speaker 2  21:16  
So

Eric Skiff  21:19  
nine. Yeah, gives people chance to travel home, break out, and do it. You know, after dinner, if they want. So, totally, awesome,

Speaker 2  21:28  
sweet. Are there

Eric Skiff  21:32  
any other presenters or organizers that we should coordinate with?

Speaker 5  21:36  
Is Sam bringing anyone like last time, Megan?

Speaker 2  21:42  
Yeah, I. doubt it. Yeah, Sam will be there. He'll be there all day one. He'll be in and out some on day two.

Speaker 3  21:49  
Great.

Speaker 2  21:50  
So he'll be around.

Speaker 5  21:52  
Cool. Well, that sounds great, everybody. Thanks for putting everything together, Eric and Dave. I oh my god! I can't imagine now. You just need to hit a button and everything gets installed. Like Megan and I were both like, "What the hell is happening?

Eric Skiff  22:06  
We're gonna we're gonna do one or two more dry runs on a bare machine to make sure it actually does stand itself up. But yeah, it's so many less things to click and type now. I

Speaker 4  22:16  
personally love the trauma bonding, but I

Eric Skiff  22:19  
so no shit. Like I, I think there was something to that. We used to make people not wear shoes at some of my events because it was like this weird shared discomfort. You had to give a talk and you couldn't wear shoes. There's something about that. So I kind of want there to be a yeah. You do have to get it running, but taking some of the like wait, I thought I clicked that out and making it like okay, great. Now it does work. So it's partly why I'm not just making it completely, you know, set it and forget it or just a theory talk. We want people doing this.

Speaker 4  22:52  
Yeah, I think that's great.

Eric Skiff  22:56  
Sweet. Well, I think the only other thing Dave had a question about when he and I talked was whether we want to send like pre-flight email to folks, either you know to wet their whistle on projects that other people have built or these cohorts, and if there's other topics they want to dig into, and so collecting info and also getting that ClubMax account and that GitHub account saves time, not like mucking around with accounts beforehand, so that they can just sort of hit go when they get to us.

Speaker 4  23:34  
I think we should send that out maybe Monday.

Eric Skiff  23:37  
Yep.

Speaker 4  23:39  
So Gigi, we shouldn't just align on that. Oh wait, Monday's a holiday, isn't it? Yes,

Speaker 5  23:44  
Monday is a holiday.

Speaker 4  23:46  
Does Tuesday have time? But I think Monday

Speaker 5  23:49  
Monday send is fine, right? I mean,

Speaker 4  23:52  
yeah, fair.

Speaker 5  23:53  
Yeah, people are off time. They can download it. They can prep for it.

Eric Skiff  23:58  
This is five minutes of prep, right? If and we can even sell it that way. Like we need take five minutes, read through this, decide like is there anything else that you'd like us to have pre researched and also get these accounts. That way, you know you won't be distracted when we all hit the ground running together.

Speaker 5  24:14  
Yep. And so Dave and going

Eric Skiff  24:16  
to it. It's fine.

Speaker 5  24:17  
It sounds like did you guys want to send this, or we're happy to send it, of course.

Speaker 3  24:22  
It's probably-I mean-I think it's fine if you guys do it. You probably send something anyway, I would imagine. So that's. Yep.

Speaker 5  24:30  
Did you want to send me the link and all that, and I can package it together and send it on Monday?

Eric Skiff  24:34  
Yes. Definitely. We will. I'll say we'll promise that to you by Friday. Finishing touches on it.

Speaker 5  24:42  
No, all good. All good. All right. Thanks, everyone.

Speaker 4  24:47  
Guys,

Speaker 3  24:48  
same here.

Eric Skiff  24:49  
Gonna be fun.

Speaker 3  24:50  
See y'all.

Speaker 4  24:51  
Can't wait.

Speaker 3  24:52  
Nice to meet you guys.

Speaker 4  24:53  
All right. See you

Speaker 11  24:55  
soon.

Eric Skiff  24:55  
Bye.

Unknown Speaker  24:55  
Thanks, Eddie.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
